I want to tell you about my good friend Mr. Smith. He was born Henry D. Smith in Los Angeles, CA. As a matter of fact, he was born in the same hospital as Steve Jobs, a fact which later resulted in Smith and Jobs actually becoming quite close before Steve passed away– America could really use Jobs now! It goes without saying that Henry got the hook up for a lot of free iPhones. I was always jealous about that; I was also always jealous about the fact that Mr. Smith always seemed to get the coolest jobs ever without ever really trying. But enough about my jealousy. Despite it, Mr. Smith and I were very close (though he would always get annoyed when I would say something like "I can't believe I'm getting the chance to meet Mr. and Mrs. Smith"). I knew facts about him that no one else did like that he loved listening to B.B. King, that his favorite book was The Great Gatsby by F. Scott Fitzgerald, and that Steve Jobs gave him his first Apple iPhone 8 years ago. The Steve Jobs was friends with someone I was so close with, crazy. But enough about Apple and phones. Smith started off as a data scientist for Johnson and Johnson which allowed him to take advantages of opportunities to live in England and Brazil. But he still managed to maintain our friendship when he was doing all of these really cool things. One cool thing he got to do in England was see Blink 182 live when they were at their peak; those were cool pictures that he sent me. I also remember one time when we were both in Philly, PA. and we had the best cheesesteaks ever at Jim's South St. After that he got to work for companies like Google Hindsight Technology Solutions, Bank of America, and Facebook which always seemed super cool. He also sat on the Commission on Farming, Fishing, Hunting, Agriculture, and Outdoors, but he vowed that he would never work for the government again. Go figure. He was also a really big fan of the Liverpool FC; nobody cheered for The Reds like Smith. I'm happy for him now that they are lead by F Mo Sala and are the best team in the Premier League after they scored 4 goals to Manchester City's 2. I'm sure he is excited for the Chelsea-Liverpool game that is coming up. But there's something else about Mr. Smith that I have yet to mention: he loves to play video games and watch shows on Netflix. He loves to play Call of Duty: Modern Warfare 2 (which he fondly refers to as "COD MW2" and gets upset when I call it "CoD: Modern Warfare 2" and when his wife calls it "Call of Duty: MW2"; Smith is quite a picky person). He loves to watch Narcos: Mexico even though he's a gringo Anglo-American. But we haven't talked since his grandpa got Alzheimer's disease because that has taken quite a toll on him. Mr. Bean was his grandpa's favorite movie. He also loved watching Fast and Furious 7 years ago! 12 Aaron Collins caught the ball in the end zone! Barcelona Lionel Messi also had a great game yesterday. You would not believe what VVV Aaron Barry accomplished, a hat trick! In other news, the Atlanta Hawks Trae Young celebrated his first All-Star appearance. 